specification/eventgrid/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# EventGrid

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Azure EventGrid.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for Azure EventGrid, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration



### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the Azure EventGrid API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2018-09-preview
```


### Tag: package-2018-09-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-09-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-09-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.EventGrid/preview/2018-09-15-preview/EventGrid.json
```


### Tag: package-2018-05-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-05-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-05-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.EventGrid/preview/2018-05-01-preview/EventGrid.json
```


### Tag: package-2018-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-01'
input-file:
- Microsoft.EventGrid/stable/2018-01-01/EventGrid.json
```


### Tag: package-2017-09-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-09-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-09-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.EventGrid/preview/2017-09-15-preview/EventGrid.json
```


### Tag: package-2017-06-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-06-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-06-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.EventGrid/preview/2017-06-15-preview/EventGrid.json
```


---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_mgmt_event_grid']
```


## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.EventGrid
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/EventGrid/Management.EventGrid/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Python

These settings apply only when `--python` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--python-sdks-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-python clone>`.
Use `--python-mode=update` if you already have a setup.py and just want to update the code itself.

``` yaml $(python)
python-mode: create
python:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  payload-flattening-threshold: 2
  namespace: azure.mgmt.eventgrid
  package-name: azure-mgmt-eventgrid
  package-version: 1.0.0
  clear-output-folder: true
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'update'
python:
  no-namespace-folders: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-mgmt-eventgrid/azure/mgmt/eventgrid
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'create'
python:
  basic-setup-py: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-mgmt-eventgrid
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
azure-arm: true
fluent: true
namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.eventgrid
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
payload-flattening-threshold: 1
output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/azure-mgmt-eventgrid
```

### Java multi-api

``` yaml $(java) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2018-09-preview
  - tag: package-2018-05-preview
  - tag: package-2018-01
```

### Tag: package-2018-09-preview and java 

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-09-preview --java` is specified on the command line. 

Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`. 

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-09-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi) 
java: 
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.eventgrid.v2018_09_15_preview 
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/eventgrid/resource-manager/v2018_09_15_preview 
regenerate-manager: true 
generate-interface: true 
```

### Tag: package-2018-05-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-05-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-05-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.eventgrid.v2018_05_01_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/eventgrid/resource-manager/v2018_05_01_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2018-01 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-01 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-01' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.eventgrid.v2018_01_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/eventgrid/resource-manager/v2018_01_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

Commit message:

suppress failure due to known tool bug per approval from adxsr

specification/eventgrid/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# EventGrid

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Azure EventGrid.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for Azure EventGrid, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration



### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the Azure EventGrid API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2018-09-preview
```


### Tag: package-2018-09-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-09-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-09-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.EventGrid/preview/2018-09-15-preview/EventGrid.json
```

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: TrackedResourcePatchOperation
    from: 2018-09-15-preview/?EventGrid.json
    reason: PATCH operation already exists in the json file but this is known tool bug.
```

### Tag: package-2018-05-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-05-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-05-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.EventGrid/preview/2018-05-01-preview/EventGrid.json
```


### Tag: package-2018-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-01'
input-file:
- Microsoft.EventGrid/stable/2018-01-01/EventGrid.json
```


### Tag: package-2017-09-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-09-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-09-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.EventGrid/preview/2017-09-15-preview/EventGrid.json
```


### Tag: package-2017-06-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-06-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-06-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.EventGrid/preview/2017-06-15-preview/EventGrid.json
```


---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_mgmt_event_grid']
```


## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.EventGrid
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/EventGrid/Management.EventGrid/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Python

These settings apply only when `--python` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--python-sdks-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-python clone>`.
Use `--python-mode=update` if you already have a setup.py and just want to update the code itself.

``` yaml $(python)
python-mode: create
python:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  payload-flattening-threshold: 2
  namespace: azure.mgmt.eventgrid
  package-name: azure-mgmt-eventgrid
  package-version: 1.0.0
  clear-output-folder: true
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'update'
python:
  no-namespace-folders: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-mgmt-eventgrid/azure/mgmt/eventgrid
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'create'
python:
  basic-setup-py: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-mgmt-eventgrid
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
azure-arm: true
fluent: true
namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.eventgrid
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
payload-flattening-threshold: 1
output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/azure-mgmt-eventgrid
```

### Java multi-api

``` yaml $(java) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2018-09-preview
  - tag: package-2018-05-preview
  - tag: package-2018-01
```

### Tag: package-2018-09-preview and java 

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-09-preview --java` is specified on the command line. 

Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`. 

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-09-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi) 
java: 
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.eventgrid.v2018_09_15_preview 
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/eventgrid/resource-manager/v2018_09_15_preview 
regenerate-manager: true 
generate-interface: true 
```

### Tag: package-2018-05-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-05-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-05-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.eventgrid.v2018_05_01_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/eventgrid/resource-manager/v2018_05_01_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2018-01 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-01 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-01' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.eventgrid.v2018_01_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/eventgrid/resource-manager/v2018_01_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```
