specification/search/data-plane/Microsoft.Azure.Search.Service/readme.md, before:

# SearchServiceClient
    
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for SearchServiceClient.


---
## Getting Started 

To build the SDK for SearchServiceClient, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration

### Basic Information 
These are the global settings for SearchServiceClient.

``` yaml
openapi-type: data-plane
tag: package-2017-11-preview
```

### Tag: package-2017-11-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-11-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-11-preview'
input-file:
- preview/2017-11-11-preview/searchservice.json
```

### Tag: package-2017-11

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-11` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-11'
input-file:
- preview/2017-11-11/searchservice.json
```

### Tag: package-2016-09-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2016-09-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2016-09-preview'
input-file:
- preview/2016-09-01-preview/searchservice.json
```

### Tag: package-2016-09

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2016-09` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2016-09'
input-file:
- preview/2016-09-01/searchservice.json
```
 
### Tag: package-2015-02-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-02-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-02-preview'
input-file:
- preview/2015-02-28-preview/searchservice.json
```

### Tag: package-2015-02

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-02` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-02'
input-file:
- preview/2015-02-28/searchservice.json
```

---
# Code Generation

!!! READ THIS !!!
This swagger is not yet ready for languages other than C#.
!!! READ THIS !!!


## C# 

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Search
  clear-output-folder: true
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/Search/DataPlane/Microsoft.Azure.Search.Service/Generated

directive: 
  # TODO: Remove this workaround once AutoRest fixes the incorrect code generation when using a parameterized host and both client and operation groups paths.
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: >-
      if ($.includes("class DataSourcesOperations") || $.includes("class IndexersOperations") || 
        $.includes("class IndexesOperations") ||  $.includes("class SynonymMapsOperations") ||
        $.includes("class SkillsetsOperations")) 
        
        return $.
          replace( /this.SearchServiceName/g, "Client.SearchServiceName" ).
          replace( /this.SearchDnsSuffix/g, "Client.SearchDnsSuffix" ).
          replace( /\"Client.SearchServiceName\"/g, "\"this.Client.SearchServiceName\"" ).
          replace( /\"Client.SearchDnsSuffix\"/g, "\"this.Client.SearchDnsSuffix\"" );
      return $;  
```

Commit message:

[Azure Search] Make Swagger spec accurately reflect the semantics of Field
Before this change, the descriptions in the Swagger for the Field type did
not accurately describe the semantics of the Azure Search REST API,
particularly around what the default values of the searchable, filterable,
sortable, and facetable properties were. Instead, they reflected the defaults
of our custom implementation of Field in the .NET SDK.

This change corrects the descriptions to accurately reflect the REST API. It
also adds more detail in anticipation of generating REST API documentation
from the Swagger (which we don't currently do).

A few other changes to Field are related to code generation:
 - Removed the x-ms-external flag so that AutoRest can generate this type.
 - Removed x-nullable: false and x-ms-client-name since they again reflect
   only the custom .NET code and not the desired REST API semantics.
 - Added regex transform rules to readme.md so that we can keep some of our
   custom code for Field in .NET purely for backward compatibility purposes.
   Our intention going forward for other languages is to rely solely on code
   generation for the Field type.

specification/search/data-plane/Microsoft.Azure.Search.Service/readme.md, after:

# SearchServiceClient
    
> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for SearchServiceClient.


---
## Getting Started 

To build the SDK for SearchServiceClient, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration

### Basic Information 
These are the global settings for SearchServiceClient.

``` yaml
openapi-type: data-plane
tag: package-2017-11-preview
```

### Tag: package-2017-11-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-11-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-11-preview'
input-file:
- preview/2017-11-11-preview/searchservice.json
```

### Tag: package-2017-11

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-11` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-11'
input-file:
- preview/2017-11-11/searchservice.json
```

### Tag: package-2016-09-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2016-09-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2016-09-preview'
input-file:
- preview/2016-09-01-preview/searchservice.json
```

### Tag: package-2016-09

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2016-09` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2016-09'
input-file:
- preview/2016-09-01/searchservice.json
```
 
### Tag: package-2015-02-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-02-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-02-preview'
input-file:
- preview/2015-02-28-preview/searchservice.json
```

### Tag: package-2015-02

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-02` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-02'
input-file:
- preview/2015-02-28/searchservice.json
```

---
# Code Generation

!!! READ THIS !!!
This swagger is not yet ready for languages other than C#.
!!! READ THIS !!!


## C# 

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Search
  clear-output-folder: true
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/Search/DataPlane/Microsoft.Azure.Search.Service/Generated

directive: 
  # TODO: Remove this workaround once AutoRest fixes the incorrect code generation when using a parameterized host and both client and operation groups paths.
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: >-
      if ($.includes("class DataSourcesOperations") || $.includes("class IndexersOperations") || 
        $.includes("class IndexesOperations") ||  $.includes("class SynonymMapsOperations") ||
        $.includes("class SkillsetsOperations")) 
        
        return $.
          replace( /this.SearchServiceName/g, "Client.SearchServiceName" ).
          replace( /this.SearchDnsSuffix/g, "Client.SearchDnsSuffix" ).
          replace( /\"Client.SearchServiceName\"/g, "\"this.Client.SearchServiceName\"" ).
          replace( /\"Client.SearchDnsSuffix\"/g, "\"this.Client.SearchDnsSuffix\"" );
      return $;  
####
  # The following regex are required to make the generated Field class conform to the needs of the custom implementation
  # that we've had in the Azure Search .NET SDK since it was first released. We've decided to keep the custom behavior of
  # Field just for .NET for the sake of backward compatibility, but for other languages the client behavior will conform
  # to the REST API.
  # 
  # To achieve this, we need to make the generated constructors internal, as well as some of the generated properties.
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: >-
        return $.
          replace( /public (Field\(\))/g, "internal $1" ).
          replace( /public (Field\(string name,)/g, "internal $1" ).
          replace( /public (bool\? Key { get; set; })/g, "internal $1" ).
          replace( /public (bool\? Retrievable { get; set; })/g, "internal $1" ).
          replace( /public (bool\? Searchable { get; set; })/g, "internal $1" ).
          replace( /public (bool\? Filterable { get; set; })/g, "internal $1" ).
          replace( /public (bool\? Sortable { get; set; })/g, "internal $1" ).
          replace( /public (bool\? Facetable { get; set; })/g, "internal $1" );
```
