specification/security/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# Security Center

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Security.

---

## Getting Started

To build the SDK for Security, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

---

## Configuration

## Suppression

```yaml
directive:
  - suppress: ValidFormats
    from: security.json
    where: $.definitions.SecurityContactProperties.properties.email.format
    reason: email format is allowed
```

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the Security API.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-composite-v1
```

### Tag: package-composite-v1

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-composite-v1` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-composite-v1'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Security/preview/2017-08-01-preview/security.json
- Microsoft.Security/preview/2015-06-01-preview/security.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
```

## C

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

```yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.Security
  payload-flattening-threshold: 2
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/Security/Management.Security/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## Node.js

See configuration in [readme.nodejs.md](./readme.nodejs.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

Commit message:

Azure Security Center - Adding code generation attributes (#4315)

specification/security/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# Security Center

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Security.

---

## Getting Started

To build the SDK for Security, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

---

## Configuration

## Suppression

```yaml
directive:
  - suppress: ValidFormats
    from: security.json
    where: $.definitions.SecurityContactProperties.properties.email.format
    reason: email format is allowed
```

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the Security API.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-composite-v1
```

### Tag: package-composite-v1

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-composite-v1` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-composite-v1'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Security/preview/2017-08-01-preview/security.json
- Microsoft.Security/preview/2015-06-01-preview/security.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
```

## C

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

```yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.Security
  payload-flattening-threshold: 2
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/Security/Management.Security/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## Node.js

See configuration in [readme.nodejs.md](./readme.nodejs.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)
