specification/resources/resource-manager/readme.go.md, before:

## Go

These settings apply only when `--go` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(go)
go:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_APACHE_NO_VERSION
  clear-output-folder: true
```

### Go multi-api

``` yaml $(go) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-features-2015-12
  - tag: package-locks-2016-09
  - tag: package-locks-2015-01
  - tag: package-policy-2018-05
  - tag: package-policy-2018-03
  - tag: package-policy-2017-06
  - tag: package-policy-2016-12
  - tag: package-policy-2016-04
  - tag: package-policy-2015-10
  - tag: package-resources-2018-05
  - tag: package-resources-2018-02
  - tag: package-resources-2017-05
  - tag: package-resources-2016-09
  - tag: package-resources-2016-07
  - tag: package-resources-2016-02
  - tag: package-resources-2015-11
  - tag: package-subscriptions-2016-06
  - tag: package-subscriptions-2015-11
  - tag: package-links-2016-09
  - tag: package-managedapplications-2018-06
  - tag: package-managedapplications-2017-09
  - tag: package-managedapplications-2016-09
```

### Tag: package-features-2015-12 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-features-2015-12 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-features-2015-12' && $(go)
namespace: features
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2015-12-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-locks-2016-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-locks-2016-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-locks-2016-09' && $(go)
namespace: locks
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-09-01/locks
```

### Tag: package-locks-2015-01 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-locks-2015-01 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-locks-2015-01' && $(go)
namespace: locks
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2015-01-01/locks
```

### Tag: package-policy-2018-05 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2018-05 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2018-05' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2018-05-01/policy
```

### Tag: package-policy-2018-03 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2018-03 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2018-03' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2018-03-01/policy
```

### Tag: package-policy-2017-06 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2017-06 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2017-06' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/resources/mgmt/2017-06-01-preview/policy
```

### Tag: package-policy-2016-12 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2016-12 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2016-12' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-12-01/policy
```

### Tag: package-policy-2016-04 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2016-04 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2016-04' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-04-01/policy
```

### Tag: package-policy-2015-10 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2015-10 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2015-10' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/resources/mgmt/2015-10-01-preview/policy
```

### Tag: package-resources-2018-05 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2018-05 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2018-05' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2018-05-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2018-02 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2018-02 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2018-02' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2018-02-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2017-05 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2017-05 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2017-05' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2017-05-10/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2016-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2016-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2016-09' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-09-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2016-07 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2016-07 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2016-07' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-07-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2016-02 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2016-02 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2016-02' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-02-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2015-11 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2015-11 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2015-11' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2015-11-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-subscriptions-2016-06 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-subscriptions-2016-06 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-subscriptions-2016-06' && $(go)
namespace: subscriptions
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-06-01/subscriptions
```

### Tag: package-subscriptions-2015-11 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-subscriptions-2015-11 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-subscriptions-2015-11' && $(go)
namespace: subscriptions
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2015-11-01/subscriptions
```

### Tag: package-links-2016-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-links-2016-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-links-2016-09' && $(go)
namespace: links
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-09-01/links
```

### Tag: package-managedapplications-2018-06 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-managedapplications-2018-06 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-managedapplications-2018-06' && $(go)
namespace: managedapplications
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2018-06-01/managedapplications
```

### Tag: package-managedapplications-2017-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-managedapplications-2017-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-managedapplications-2017-09' && $(go)
namespace: managedapplications
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2017-09-01/managedapplications
```

### Tag: package-managedapplications-2016-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-managedapplications-2016-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-managedapplications-2016-09' && $(go)
namespace: managedapplications
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/resources/mgmt/2016-09-01-preview/managedapplications
```

Commit message:

Fix regular expression to support Unicode
The regexp engine in Go uses a slightly different syntax to support
Unicode characters.  Use a custom transformation to fix it for Go.

specification/resources/resource-manager/readme.go.md, after:

## Go

These settings apply only when `--go` is specified on the command line.

### Fix up regular expressions to support Unicode.

``` yaml 
directive:
  from: swagger-document # do it globally
  where: $.paths..pattern
  set: ^[-\p{L}\._\(\)]+$ 
  reason: Necessary to match Unicode characters in the Go regexp engine.
```

``` yaml $(go)
go:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_APACHE_NO_VERSION
  clear-output-folder: true
```

### Go multi-api

``` yaml $(go) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-features-2015-12
  - tag: package-locks-2016-09
  - tag: package-locks-2015-01
  - tag: package-policy-2018-05
  - tag: package-policy-2018-03
  - tag: package-policy-2017-06
  - tag: package-policy-2016-12
  - tag: package-policy-2016-04
  - tag: package-policy-2015-10
  - tag: package-resources-2018-05
  - tag: package-resources-2018-02
  - tag: package-resources-2017-05
  - tag: package-resources-2016-09
  - tag: package-resources-2016-07
  - tag: package-resources-2016-02
  - tag: package-resources-2015-11
  - tag: package-subscriptions-2016-06
  - tag: package-subscriptions-2015-11
  - tag: package-links-2016-09
  - tag: package-managedapplications-2018-06
  - tag: package-managedapplications-2017-09
  - tag: package-managedapplications-2016-09
```

### Tag: package-features-2015-12 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-features-2015-12 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-features-2015-12' && $(go)
namespace: features
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2015-12-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-locks-2016-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-locks-2016-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-locks-2016-09' && $(go)
namespace: locks
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-09-01/locks
```

### Tag: package-locks-2015-01 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-locks-2015-01 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-locks-2015-01' && $(go)
namespace: locks
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2015-01-01/locks
```

### Tag: package-policy-2018-05 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2018-05 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2018-05' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2018-05-01/policy
```

### Tag: package-policy-2018-03 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2018-03 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2018-03' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2018-03-01/policy
```

### Tag: package-policy-2017-06 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2017-06 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2017-06' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/resources/mgmt/2017-06-01-preview/policy
```

### Tag: package-policy-2016-12 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2016-12 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2016-12' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-12-01/policy
```

### Tag: package-policy-2016-04 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2016-04 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2016-04' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-04-01/policy
```

### Tag: package-policy-2015-10 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-policy-2015-10 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-policy-2015-10' && $(go)
namespace: policy
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/resources/mgmt/2015-10-01-preview/policy
```

### Tag: package-resources-2018-05 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2018-05 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2018-05' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2018-05-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2018-02 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2018-02 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2018-02' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2018-02-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2017-05 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2017-05 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2017-05' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2017-05-10/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2016-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2016-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2016-09' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-09-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2016-07 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2016-07 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2016-07' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-07-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2016-02 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2016-02 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2016-02' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-02-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-resources-2015-11 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-resources-2015-11 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-resources-2015-11' && $(go)
namespace: resources
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2015-11-01/resources
```

### Tag: package-subscriptions-2016-06 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-subscriptions-2016-06 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-subscriptions-2016-06' && $(go)
namespace: subscriptions
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-06-01/subscriptions
```

### Tag: package-subscriptions-2015-11 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-subscriptions-2015-11 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-subscriptions-2015-11' && $(go)
namespace: subscriptions
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2015-11-01/subscriptions
```

### Tag: package-links-2016-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-links-2016-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-links-2016-09' && $(go)
namespace: links
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2016-09-01/links
```

### Tag: package-managedapplications-2018-06 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-managedapplications-2018-06 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-managedapplications-2018-06' && $(go)
namespace: managedapplications
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2018-06-01/managedapplications
```

### Tag: package-managedapplications-2017-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-managedapplications-2017-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-managedapplications-2017-09' && $(go)
namespace: managedapplications
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/resources/mgmt/2017-09-01/managedapplications
```

### Tag: package-managedapplications-2016-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-managedapplications-2016-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-managedapplications-2016-09' && $(go)
namespace: managedapplications
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/resources/mgmt/2016-09-01-preview/managedapplications
```
