specification/cognitiveservices/data-plane/CustomVision/Training/readme.md, before:

# Cognitive Services Custom Vision SDK

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

Configuration for generating Custom Vision Training SDK.

The current release is `release_3_1`.

``` yaml

tag: release_3_1
openapi-type: data-plane
```
# Releases

### Release 1.0
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_1_0` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_1_0'
input-file: stable/v2.0/Training.json
```

### Release 2.1
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2_1` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2_1'
input-file: stable/v2.1/Training.json
```

### Release 2.2
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2_2` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2_2'
input-file: stable/v2.2/Training.json
```

### Release 3.0
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_3_0` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_3_0'
input-file: stable/v3.0/Training.json
```

### Release 3.1
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_3_1` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_3_1'
input-file: stable/v3.1/Training.json
```
# Validation

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: R3017  # GuidUsage
    reason:
      - Existing service and previous versions use Guid as ids.
```

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_cognitiveservices_customvision_training']
```

## CSharp Settings
These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  sync-methods: all
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  azure-arm: false
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.CognitiveServices.Vision.CustomVision.Training
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/CognitiveServices/Vision.CustomVision.Training/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Python

These settings apply only when `--python` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--python-sdks-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-python clone>`.
Use `--python-mode=update` if you already have a setup.py and just want to update the code itself.

``` yaml $(python)
python-mode: create
python:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  payload-flattening-threshold: 2
  namespace: azure.cognitiveservices.vision.customvision.training
  package-name: azure-cognitiveservices-vision-customvision
  clear-output-folder: true

```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'update'
python:
  no-namespace-folders: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/cognitiveservices/azure-cognitiveservices-vision-customvision/azure/cognitiveservices/vision/customvision/training
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'create'
python:
  basic-setup-py: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/cognitiveservices/azure-cognitiveservices-vision-customvision
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
java:
  azure-arm: true
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.cognitiveservices.vision.customvision.training
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/cognitiveservices/data-plane/vision/customvision/training
  with-optional-parameters: true
  with-single-async-method: true
```

## Multi-API/Profile support for AutoRest v3 generators 

AutoRest V3 generators require the use of `--tag=all-api-versions` to select api files.

This block is updated by an automatic script. Edits may be lost!

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions' /* autogenerated */
# include the azure profile definitions from the standard location
require: $(this-folder)/../../../../../profiles/readme.md

# all the input files across all versions
input-file:
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v2.0/Training.json
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v2.1/Training.json
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v2.2/Training.json
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v3.0/Training.json
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v3.1/Training.json

```

If there are files that should not be in the `all-api-versions` set, 
uncomment the  `exclude-file` section below and add the file paths.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions'
#exclude-file: 
#  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.Example/stable/2010-01-01/somefile.json
```

Commit message:

3.2 API Changes   - Combine TrainProject query parameters into a single model (TrainingParameters) and add a list of selected tags.   - Add ImportProject and ExportProject & ProjectModel.Status   - Add Model Version information
Updated examples per API changesand add-credentials for both clients for token based authentication

specification/cognitiveservices/data-plane/CustomVision/Training/readme.md, after:

# Cognitive Services Custom Vision SDK

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

Configuration for generating Custom Vision Training SDK.

The current release is `release_3_2`.

``` yaml

tag: release_3_2
openapi-type: data-plane
```
# Releases

### Release 1.0
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_1_0` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_1_0'
input-file: stable/v2.0/Training.json
```

### Release 2.1
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2_1` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2_1'
input-file: stable/v2.1/Training.json
```

### Release 2.2
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2_2` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2_2'
input-file: stable/v2.2/Training.json
```

### Release 3.0
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_3_0` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_3_0'
input-file: stable/v3.0/Training.json
```

### Release 3.1
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_3_1` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_3_1'
input-file: stable/v3.1/Training.json
```

### Release 3.2
These settings apply only when `--tag=release_3_2` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_3_2'
input-file: stable/v3.2/Training.json
add-credentials: true
```

# Validation

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: R3017  # GuidUsage
    reason:
      - Existing service and previous versions use Guid as ids.
```

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_cognitiveservices_customvision_training']
```

## CSharp Settings
These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  sync-methods: all
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  azure-arm: false
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.CognitiveServices.Vision.CustomVision.Training
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/CognitiveServices/Vision.CustomVision.Training/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Python

These settings apply only when `--python` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--python-sdks-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-python clone>`.
Use `--python-mode=update` if you already have a setup.py and just want to update the code itself.

``` yaml $(python)
python-mode: create
python:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  payload-flattening-threshold: 2
  namespace: azure.cognitiveservices.vision.customvision.training
  package-name: azure-cognitiveservices-vision-customvision
  clear-output-folder: true

```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'update'
python:
  no-namespace-folders: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/cognitiveservices/azure-cognitiveservices-vision-customvision/azure/cognitiveservices/vision/customvision/training
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'create'
python:
  basic-setup-py: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/cognitiveservices/azure-cognitiveservices-vision-customvision
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
java:
  azure-arm: true
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.cognitiveservices.vision.customvision.training
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/cognitiveservices/data-plane/vision/customvision/training
  with-optional-parameters: true
  with-single-async-method: true
```

## Multi-API/Profile support for AutoRest v3 generators 

AutoRest V3 generators require the use of `--tag=all-api-versions` to select api files.

This block is updated by an automatic script. Edits may be lost!

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions' /* autogenerated */
# include the azure profile definitions from the standard location
require: $(this-folder)/../../../../../profiles/readme.md

# all the input files across all versions
input-file:
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v2.0/Training.json
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v2.1/Training.json
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v2.2/Training.json
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v3.0/Training.json
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v3.1/Training.json

```

If there are files that should not be in the `all-api-versions` set, 
uncomment the  `exclude-file` section below and add the file paths.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions'
#exclude-file: 
#  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.Example/stable/2010-01-01/somefile.json
```
