specification/graphrbac/data-plane/readme.md, before:

# GraphRbac

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for GraphRbac.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for GraphRbac, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration



### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the GraphRbac API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: data-plane
tag: 1.6
```


### Tag: 1.6

These settings apply only when `--tag=1.6` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == '1.6'
input-file:
- Microsoft.GraphRbac/stable/1.6/graphrbac.json
```

---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_graph_rbac']
```


## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

```yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Graph.RBAC
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/Graph.RBAC/Graph.RBAC/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```


## Python

These settings apply only when `--python` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--python-sdks-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-python clone>`.
Use `--python-mode=update` if you already have a setup.py and just want to update the code itself.

``` yaml $(python)
python-mode: create
python:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  payload-flattening-threshold: 2
  namespace: azure.graphrbac
  package-name: azure-graphrbac
  package-version: 0.52.0
  clear-output-folder: true
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'update'
python:
  no-namespace-folders: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-graphrbac/azure/graphrbac
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'create'
python:
  basic-setup-py: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-graphrbac
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
java:
  azure-arm: true
  fluent: true
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.graphrbac
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/azure-graphrbac
```

Commit message:

graph: improve API coverage on application & service principal  (#5181)
* [graphrbac]: fix bugs in permission grant apis

* fix paging

* add missing property

* remove pageable

* author pagable in the right way

* breaking changes over a wrong spec

* remove additionalProperties which causes wrong code-gen

* add suppressions

* use code to surpress

* address review feedabck

* moev ahead with the established pattern anyway

* address review feedbacks

* clean up all

* update operation id

* add one more property per CLI user's ask

specification/graphrbac/data-plane/readme.md, after:

# GraphRbac

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for GraphRbac.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for GraphRbac, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration



### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the GraphRbac API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: data-plane
tag: 1.6
```


### Tag: 1.6

These settings apply only when `--tag=1.6` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == '1.6'
input-file:
- Microsoft.GraphRbac/stable/1.6/graphrbac.json
```

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: D5001
    reason: this spec never has examples. It is owned by the SDK group and we already have CLI commands testing it
  - suppress: R2058
    reason: existing since the spec started
  - suppress: R3016
    reason: existing since the spec started
```

---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_graph_rbac']
```


## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

```yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Graph.RBAC
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/Graph.RBAC/Graph.RBAC/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```


## Python

These settings apply only when `--python` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--python-sdks-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-python clone>`.
Use `--python-mode=update` if you already have a setup.py and just want to update the code itself.

``` yaml $(python)
python-mode: create
python:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  payload-flattening-threshold: 2
  namespace: azure.graphrbac
  package-name: azure-graphrbac
  package-version: 0.52.0
  clear-output-folder: true
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'update'
python:
  no-namespace-folders: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-graphrbac/azure/graphrbac
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'create'
python:
  basic-setup-py: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-graphrbac
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
java:
  azure-arm: true
  fluent: true
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.graphrbac
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/azure-graphrbac
```
