specification/containerregistry/data-plane/readme.md, before:

# ContainerRegistry

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for ContainerRegistry.

---

## Getting Started

To build the SDK for ContainerRegistry, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the ContainerRegistry API.

``` yaml
# common
openapi-type: data-plane
tag: package-2019-08
```
### Tag: package-2019-08

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-08` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-08'
input-file:
- Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2019-08-15/containerregistry.json
# This override adds support for directly passing in the acquired location link (Since it starts with /)
# It also caters to passing it without / as some implementations may remove the initial / .
directive:
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: >-
      return $.
        replace( /_url = _url.Replace\("\{nextBlobUuidLink\}", location\);/g, "_url = _url.Replace(location.StartsWith(\"/\") ? \"/{nextBlobUuidLink}\" : \"{nextBlobUuidLink}\", location);")
```

### Tag: package-2019-07

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-07` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-07'
input-file:
- Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2019-07-15/containerregistry.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-08

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-08` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-08'
input-file:
- Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2018-08-10/containerregistry.json

```

---

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
```

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.ContainerRegistry
  sync-methods: None
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/ContainerRegistry/Microsoft.Azure.ContainerRegistry/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
  add-credentials: true
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    from: containerregistry.json
    where: $.definitions.AccessToken.properties.access_token
    reason: Property name is used in compliance with Docker's own specs for compatibility purposes. Specifics https://docs.docker.com/registry/spec/auth/oauth/
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    from: containerregistry.json
    where: $.definitions.RefreshToken.properties.refresh_token
    reason: Property name is used in compliance with Docker's own specs for compatibility purposes. Specifics https://docs.docker.com/registry/spec/auth/oauth/
  - suppress: LROStatusCodesReturnTypeSchema
    reason: No content is returned by put Manifest in compliance with Docker's own specs for compatibility purposes. Specifics https://docs.docker.com/registry/spec/api/#put-manifest
    from: containerregistry.json
    where: $.paths["/v2/{name}/manifests/{reference}"].put.responses["201"]
  - suppress: LROStatusCodesReturnTypeSchema
    reason: No content is returned by put End Upload in compliance with Docker's own specs for compatibility purposes. Specifics https://docs.docker.com/v17.12/registry/spec/api/
    from: containerregistry.json
    where: $.paths["/{nextBlobUuidLink}"].put.responses["201"]
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    reason: These default values are specified by the Open Container Initiative. Used for cross compatibility. Specifics https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/annotations.md#rules
    from: containerregistry.json
    where:
      - $.definitions.Platform.properties["os.version"]
      - $.definitions.Platform.properties["os.features"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.created"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.authors"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.url"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.documentation"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.source"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.version"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.revision"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.vendor"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.licenses"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.ref.name"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.title"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.description"]
```

## Multi-API/Profile support for AutoRest v3 generators

AutoRest V3 generators require the use of `--tag=all-api-versions` to select api files.

This block is updated by an automatic script. Edits may be lost!

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions' /* autogenerated */
# include the azure profile definitions from the standard location
require: $(this-folder)/../../../profiles/readme.md

# all the input files across all versions
input-file:
  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2019-08-15/containerregistry.json
  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2019-07-15/containerregistry.json
  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2018-08-10/containerregistry.json

```

If there are files that should not be in the `all-api-versions` set,
uncomment the  `exclude-file` section below and add the file paths.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions'
#exclude-file:
#  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.Example/stable/2010-01-01/somefile.json
```

Commit message:

Add configuration for dataplane sdk

specification/containerregistry/data-plane/readme.md, after:

# ContainerRegistry

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for ContainerRegistry.

---

## Getting Started

To build the SDK for ContainerRegistry, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the ContainerRegistry API.

``` yaml
# common
openapi-type: data-plane
tag: package-2019-08
```
### Tag: package-2019-08

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-08` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-08'
input-file:
- Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2019-08-15/containerregistry.json
# This override adds support for directly passing in the acquired location link (Since it starts with /)
# It also caters to passing it without / as some implementations may remove the initial / .
directive:
  - from: source-file-csharp
    where: $
    transform: >-
      return $.
        replace( /_url = _url.Replace\("\{nextBlobUuidLink\}", location\);/g, "_url = _url.Replace(location.StartsWith(\"/\") ? \"/{nextBlobUuidLink}\" : \"{nextBlobUuidLink}\", location);")
```

### Tag: package-2019-07

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-07` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-07'
input-file:
- Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2019-07-15/containerregistry.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-08

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-08` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-08'
input-file:
- Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2018-08-10/containerregistry.json

```

---

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python

```

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.ContainerRegistry
  sync-methods: None
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/ContainerRegistry/Microsoft.Azure.ContainerRegistry/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
  add-credentials: true
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    from: containerregistry.json
    where: $.definitions.AccessToken.properties.access_token
    reason: Property name is used in compliance with Docker's own specs for compatibility purposes. Specifics https://docs.docker.com/registry/spec/auth/oauth/
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    from: containerregistry.json
    where: $.definitions.RefreshToken.properties.refresh_token
    reason: Property name is used in compliance with Docker's own specs for compatibility purposes. Specifics https://docs.docker.com/registry/spec/auth/oauth/
  - suppress: LROStatusCodesReturnTypeSchema
    reason: No content is returned by put Manifest in compliance with Docker's own specs for compatibility purposes. Specifics https://docs.docker.com/registry/spec/api/#put-manifest
    from: containerregistry.json
    where: $.paths["/v2/{name}/manifests/{reference}"].put.responses["201"]
  - suppress: LROStatusCodesReturnTypeSchema
    reason: No content is returned by put End Upload in compliance with Docker's own specs for compatibility purposes. Specifics https://docs.docker.com/v17.12/registry/spec/api/
    from: containerregistry.json
    where: $.paths["/{nextBlobUuidLink}"].put.responses["201"]
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    reason: These default values are specified by the Open Container Initiative. Used for cross compatibility. Specifics https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/annotations.md#rules
    from: containerregistry.json
    where:
      - $.definitions.Platform.properties["os.version"]
      - $.definitions.Platform.properties["os.features"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.created"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.authors"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.url"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.documentation"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.source"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.version"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.revision"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.vendor"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.licenses"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.ref.name"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.title"]
      - $.definitions.Annotations.properties["org.opencontainers.image.description"]
```

## Multi-API/Profile support for AutoRest v3 generators

AutoRest V3 generators require the use of `--tag=all-api-versions` to select api files.

This block is updated by an automatic script. Edits may be lost!

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions' /* autogenerated */
# include the azure profile definitions from the standard location
require: $(this-folder)/../../../profiles/readme.md

# all the input files across all versions
input-file:
  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2019-08-15/containerregistry.json
  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2019-07-15/containerregistry.json
  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.ContainerRegistry/preview/2018-08-10/containerregistry.json

```

If there are files that should not be in the `all-api-versions` set,
uncomment the  `exclude-file` section below and add the file paths.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions'
#exclude-file:
#  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.Example/stable/2010-01-01/somefile.json
```
