specification/timeseriesinsights/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# TimeSeriesInsights

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for TimeSeriesInsights.

---

## Getting Started

To build the SDK for TimeSeriesInsights, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the TimeSeriesInsights API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2017-11-15
```

### Tag: package-2017-02-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-02-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-02-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.TimeSeriesInsights/preview/2017-02-28-preview/timeseriesinsights.json
```

### Tag: package-2017-11-15

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-11-15` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-11-15'
input-file:
- Microsoft.TimeSeriesInsights/stable/2017-11-15/timeseriesinsights.json
```

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: R3025  # Tracked resource 'XXX' must have a get operation
    where:
      - $.definitions.EventHubEventSourceResource
      - $.definitions.IoTHubEventSourceResource
    from: timeseriesinsights.json
    reason: These violations are false positives. The EventSources_Get operation returns an EventSourceResource, and both EventHubEventSourceResource and IoTHubEventSourceResource inherit from EventSourceResource.

  - suppress: R3026  # Tracked resource 'XXX' must have patch operation that at least supports the update of tags. It's strongly recommended that the PATCH operation supports update of all mutable properties as well.
    where:
      - $.definitions.EventHubEventSourceResource
      - $.definitions.IoTHubEventSourceResource
    from: timeseriesinsights.json
    reason: These violations are false positives. The EventSources_Update operation takes an EventSourceUpdateParameters as the body, and EventHubEventSourceUpdateParameters and IoTHubEventSourceUpdateParameters both inherit from EventSourceUpdateParameters. These definitions can be used to update mutable properties of the event source, including the Tags collection.
```

---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
azure-arm: true
fluent: true
namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.timeseriesinsights
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
payload-flattening-threshold: 1
output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/azure-mgmt-timeseriesinsights
```

### Java multi-api

``` yaml $(java) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2017-11-15
  - tag: package-2017-02-preview
```

### Tag: package-2017-11-15 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-11-15 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-11-15' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.timeseriesinsights.v2017_11_15
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/timeseriesinsights/resource-manager/v2017_11_15
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-02-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-02-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-02-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.timeseriesinsights.v2017_02_28_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/timeseriesinsights/resource-manager/v2017_02_28_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

Commit message:

Add a new preview api-version for Time Series Insights (#4599)
* Fix or suppress spec violations
Fix R2016 by making PATCH body properties optional. Suppress the remaining 4 violations that are confirmed as false positives.

* Try removing 2nd top-level heading, which _may_ have been causing a linter warning.

* Fix extra indention which prevented linter from running.

* Added dataStringComparisonBehavior parameter to reference data put/update spec.

* Fixed grammar.

* adding partitionkeyProperty to environmentInfo

* changing property name

* changing modelAsString

* Initial checkin of spec. Unchanged from GA release other than version.

* Remove .orig files

* Fix validation error by removing IoTHub ES from List ES example response

* Add extra example that was missing from preview spec.

* Add long-term environment to resource hierarchy, and update examples.

* Switch to model-as-string for enums. Restore EnvironmentResource's inheritance from TrackedResource.

* Upsate sku description

* Add new TSI preview api-version to readme.md.

* Add suppressions for false-positive linter failures.

* Test suppression failures

* Adding preview package tag to several other places in readme.md

* Add preview package to the readme.go.md file

* Remove invalid required property from EnvironmentCreateOrUpdateParameters

specification/timeseriesinsights/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# TimeSeriesInsights

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for TimeSeriesInsights.

---

## Getting Started

To build the SDK for TimeSeriesInsights, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the TimeSeriesInsights API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2017-11-15
```

### Tag: package-2017-02-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-02-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-02-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.TimeSeriesInsights/preview/2017-02-28-preview/timeseriesinsights.json
```

### Tag: package-2017-11-15

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-11-15` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-11-15'
input-file:
- Microsoft.TimeSeriesInsights/stable/2017-11-15/timeseriesinsights.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-08-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-08-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-08-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.TimeSeriesInsights/preview/2018-08-15-preview/timeseriesinsights.json
```

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: R3025  # Tracked resource 'XXX' must have a get operation
    where:
      - $.definitions.StandardEnvironmentResource
      - $.definitions.LongTermEnvironmentResource
      - $.definitions.EventHubEventSourceResource
      - $.definitions.IoTHubEventSourceResource
    from: timeseriesinsights.json
    reason: These violations are false positives. The EventSources_Get operation returns an EventSourceResource, and both EventHubEventSourceResource and IoTHubEventSourceResource inherit from EventSourceResource. Similarly, the Environments_Get operation returns an EnvironmentResource, from which both StandardEnvironmentResource and LongTermEnvironmentResource inherit.

  - suppress: R3026  # Tracked resource 'XXX' must have patch operation that at least supports the update of tags. It's strongly recommended that the PATCH operation supports update of all mutable properties as well.
    where:
      - $.definitions.StandardEnvironmentResource
      - $.definitions.LongTermEnvironmentResource 
      - $.definitions.EventHubEventSourceResource
      - $.definitions.IoTHubEventSourceResource
    from: timeseriesinsights.json
    reason: These violations are false positives. The EventSources_Update operation takes an EventSourceUpdateParameters as the body, and EventHubEventSourceUpdateParameters and IoTHubEventSourceUpdateParameters both inherit from EventSourceUpdateParameters. Similarly, the Environments_Update operation takes an EnvironmentUpdateParameters as the body, and both StandardEnvironmentUpdateParameters and LongTermEnvironmentUpdateParameters inherit from EnvironmentUpdateParameters. These definitions can be used to update mutable properties of the event source, including the Tags collection.
```

---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
azure-arm: true
fluent: true
namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.timeseriesinsights
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
payload-flattening-threshold: 1
output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/azure-mgmt-timeseriesinsights
```

### Java multi-api

``` yaml $(java) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2017-11-15
  - tag: package-2017-02-preview
  - tag: package-2018-08-preview
```

### Tag: package-2017-11-15 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-11-15 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-11-15' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.timeseriesinsights.v2017_11_15
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/timeseriesinsights/resource-manager/v2017_11_15
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-02-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-02-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-02-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.timeseriesinsights.v2017_02_28_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/timeseriesinsights/resource-manager/v2017_02_28_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2018-08-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-08-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-08-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.timeseriesinsights.v2018_08_15_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/timeseriesinsights/resource-manager/v2018_08_15_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```
