profiles/latest-stable.md, before:


``` yaml
profiles:
    microsoft.resources:
        '2018-05-01':
            - deployments
            - deployments/operations
            - links
            - locations
            - operations
            - providers
            - resourceGroups
            - resources
            - subscriptions
            - subscriptions/locations
            - subscriptions/operationresults
            - subscriptions/providers
            - subscriptions/resourceGroups
            - subscriptions/resourceGroups/resources
            - subscriptions/resources
            - subscriptions/tagNames
            - subscriptions/tagNames/tagValues
            - tenants
    microsoft.web:
        '2018-02-01':
            - certificates
            - checknameavailability
            - operations
            - serverFarms
            - sites
            - sites/domainOwnershipIdentifiers
            - sites/extensions
            - sites/hostNameBindings
            - sites/instances
            - sites/instances/extensions
            - sites/slots
            - sites/slots/hostNameBindings
            - sites/slots/instances
            - sites/slots/instances/extensions
        '2016-09-01':
            - serverFarms/metricDefinitions
            - serverFarms/metrics
            - serverFarms/usages
        '2016-08-01':
            - availableStacks
            - ishostnameavailable
            - isusernameavailable
            - metadata
            - publishingUsers
            - sites/metricDefinitions
            - sites/metrics
            - sites/recommendations
            - sites/slots/extensions
            - sites/slots/metricDefinitions
            - sites/slots/metrics
            - sourceControls
        '2016-03-01':
            - deploymentLocations
            - georegions
            - listSitesAssignedToHostName
            - recommendations
            - runtimes
            - validate
    microsoft.eventhub:
        2018-01-01-preview:
            - checkNameAvailability
            - namespaces
            - operations
            - sku
        '2015-08-01':
            - checkNamespaceAvailability
    microsoft.insights:
        '2018-01-01':
            - metricDefinitions
            - metrics
        2017-05-01-preview:
            - diagnosticSettingCategories
            - diagnosticSettings
        '2015-04-01':
            - eventCategories
            - eventTypes
            - operations
    microsoft.compute:
        '2017-12-01':
            - availabilitySets
            - images
            - locations
            - locations/operations
            - locations/publishers
            - locations/usages
            - locations/vmSizes
            - operations
            - virtualMachineScaleSets
            - virtualMachineScaleSets/extensions
            - virtualMachineScaleSets/virtualMachines
            - virtualMachineScaleSets/virtualMachines/networkInterfaces
            - virtualMachines
            - virtualMachines/extensions
            - virtualmachineScaleSets/networkInterfaces
        '2017-03-30':
            - diskoperations
            - disks
            - locations/diskoperations
            - snapshots
            - virtualMachineScaleSets/networkInterfaces
    microsoft.network:
        '2017-10-01':
            - connections
            - loadBalancers
            - localNetworkGateways
            - locations
            - locations/operationResults
            - locations/operations
            - locations/usages
            - networkInterfaces
            - networkSecurityGroups
            - operations
            - publicIpAddresses
            - routeTables
            - virtualNetworkGateways
            - virtualNetworks
        '2016-04-01':
            - dnsZones
    microsoft.storage:
        '2017-10-01':
            - checkNameAvailability
            - locations
            - locations/quotas
            - operations
            - storageAccounts
            - storageAccounts/blobServices
            - storageAccounts/queueServices
            - storageAccounts/tableServices
            - usages
    microsoft.authorization:
        '2016-12-01':
            - policyAssignments
            - policyDefinitions
        '2016-09-01':
            - locks
        2015-07-01-preview:
            - providerOperations
        '2015-07-01':
            - operations
            - permissions
            - roleAssignments
            - roleDefinitions
    microsoft.keyvault:
        '2016-10-01':
            - operations
            - vaults
            - vaults/accessPolicies
            - vaults/secrets
```

Commit message:

Added info to latest, cleaned old commentary.

profiles/latest-stable.md, after:

# Latest Stable  

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This profile definition was created based on 2019-03-01-hybrid, 2018-03-01-hybrid and 2017-03-09-profile.


``` yaml
profiles:
    microsoft.resources:
        '2018-05-01':
            - deployments
            - deployments/operations
            - links
            - locations
            - operations
            - providers
            - resourceGroups
            - resources
            - subscriptions
            - subscriptions/locations
            - subscriptions/operationresults
            - subscriptions/providers
            - subscriptions/resourceGroups
            - subscriptions/resourceGroups/resources
            - subscriptions/resources
            - subscriptions/tagNames
            - subscriptions/tagNames/tagValues
            - tenants
    microsoft.web:
        '2018-02-01':
            - certificates
            - checknameavailability
            - operations
            - serverFarms
            - sites
            - sites/domainOwnershipIdentifiers
            - sites/extensions
            - sites/hostNameBindings
            - sites/instances
            - sites/instances/extensions
            - sites/slots
            - sites/slots/hostNameBindings
            - sites/slots/instances
            - sites/slots/instances/extensions
        '2016-09-01':
            - serverFarms/metricDefinitions
            - serverFarms/metrics
            - serverFarms/usages
        '2016-08-01':
            - availableStacks
            - ishostnameavailable
            - isusernameavailable
            - metadata
            - publishingUsers
            - sites/metricDefinitions
            - sites/metrics
            - sites/recommendations
            - sites/slots/extensions
            - sites/slots/metricDefinitions
            - sites/slots/metrics
            - sourceControls
        '2016-03-01':
            - deploymentLocations
            - georegions
            - listSitesAssignedToHostName
            - recommendations
            - runtimes
            - validate
    microsoft.eventhub:
        2018-01-01-preview:
            - checkNameAvailability
            - namespaces
            - operations
            - sku
        '2015-08-01':
            - checkNamespaceAvailability
    microsoft.insights:
        '2018-01-01':
            - metricDefinitions
            - metrics
        2017-05-01-preview:
            - diagnosticSettingCategories
            - diagnosticSettings
        '2015-04-01':
            - eventCategories
            - eventTypes
            - operations
    microsoft.compute:
        '2017-12-01':
            - availabilitySets
            - images
            - locations
            - locations/operations
            - locations/publishers
            - locations/usages
            - locations/vmSizes
            - operations
            - virtualMachineScaleSets
            - virtualMachineScaleSets/extensions
            - virtualMachineScaleSets/virtualMachines
            - virtualMachineScaleSets/virtualMachines/networkInterfaces
            - virtualMachines
            - virtualMachines/extensions
            - virtualmachineScaleSets/networkInterfaces
        '2017-03-30':
            - diskoperations
            - disks
            - locations/diskoperations
            - snapshots
            - virtualMachineScaleSets/networkInterfaces
    microsoft.network:
        '2017-10-01':
            - connections
            - loadBalancers
            - localNetworkGateways
            - locations
            - locations/operationResults
            - locations/operations
            - locations/usages
            - networkInterfaces
            - networkSecurityGroups
            - operations
            - publicIpAddresses
            - routeTables
            - virtualNetworkGateways
            - virtualNetworks
        '2016-04-01':
            - dnsZones
    microsoft.storage:
        '2017-10-01':
            - checkNameAvailability
            - locations
            - locations/quotas
            - operations
            - storageAccounts
            - storageAccounts/blobServices
            - storageAccounts/queueServices
            - storageAccounts/tableServices
            - usages
    microsoft.authorization:
        '2016-12-01':
            - policyAssignments
            - policyDefinitions
        '2016-09-01':
            - locks
        2015-07-01-preview:
            - providerOperations
        '2015-07-01':
            - operations
            - permissions
            - roleAssignments
            - roleDefinitions
    microsoft.keyvault:
        '2016-10-01':
            - operations
            - vaults
            - vaults/accessPolicies
            - vaults/secrets
```
