AutoRest Code Generator
(c) 2017 Microsoft Corporation. https://aka.ms/autorest
autorest : ERROR (XmsExamplesRequired/R2022/SDKViolation): Please provide x-ms-examples describing minimum/maximum property set for response/request payloads for operations. Operation: 
'Databases_ListRestorePoints'
At C:\git\azure-rest-api-specs\specification\sql\resource-manager\validate.ps1:1 char:1
+ autorest --azure-validator 2>&1 | Out-File .\azure-validator.txt -Enc ...
+ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    + CategoryInfo          : NotSpecified: (ERROR (XmsExamp...tRestorePoints':String) [], RemoteException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : NativeCommandError
 
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/backups.json:20:12 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/restorePoints"].get)

ERROR (XmsResourceInPutResponse/R2062/RPCViolation): The 200 response model for an ARM PUT operation must have x-ms-azure-resource extension set to true in its hierarchy. Operation: 
'FirewallRules_CreateOrUpdate' Model: 'FirewallRule'.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/firewallRules.json:20:6 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/firewallRules/{firewallRuleName}"].put)

ERROR (XmsResourceInPutResponse/R2062/RPCViolation): The 200 response model for an ARM PUT operation must have x-ms-azure-resource extension set to true in its hierarchy. Operation: 
'ServerAzureADAdministrators_CreateOrUpdate' Model: 'ServerAzureADAdministrator'.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/serverAzureADAdministrators.json:20:9 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/administrators/{administratorName}"].put)

ERROR (XmsResourceInPutResponse/R2062/RPCViolation): The 200 response model for an ARM PUT operation must have x-ms-azure-resource extension set to true in its hierarchy. Operation: 
'Databases_CreateOrUpdateTransparentDataEncryptionConfiguration' Model: 'TransparentDataEncryption'.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:1078:6 ($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGrou
pName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/transparentDataEncryption/{transparentDataEncryptionName}"].put)

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'backupLongTermRetentionPolicies' with immediate parent 'Database', must have a list by immediate 
parent operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/backupLongTermRetentionPolicies.json:19:8 ($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourc
eGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/backupLongTermRetentionPolicies/{backupLongTermRetentionPolicyName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'backupLongTermRetentionVaults' with immediate parent 'Server', must have a list by immediate 
parent operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/backupLongTermRetentionVaults.json:19:8 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/backupLongTermRetentionVaults/{backupLongTermRetentionVaultName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'connectionPolicies' with immediate parent 'Server', must have a list by immediate parent 
operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/connectionPolicies.json:19:4 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/connectionPolicies/{connectionPolicyName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'securityAlertPolicies' with immediate parent 'Database', must have a list by immediate parent 
operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/databaseSecurityAlertPolicies.json:19:4 ($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceG
roups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/securityAlertPolicies/{securityAlertPolicyName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'dataMaskingPolicies' with immediate parent 'Database', must have a list by immediate parent 
operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/dataMasking.json:19:8 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/dataMaskingPolicies/{dataMaskingPolicyName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'rules' with immediate parent 'DataMaskingPolicy', must have a list by immediate parent operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/dataMasking.json:107:8 ($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGr
oupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/dataMaskingPolicies/{dataMaskingPolicyName}/rules/{dataMaskingRuleName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'geoBackupPolicies' with immediate parent 'Database', must have a list by immediate parent 
operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/geoBackupPolicies.json:19:4 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/geoBackupPolicies/{geoBackupPolicyName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'extensions' with immediate parent 'Database', must have a list by immediate parent operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/importExport.json:69:8 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/extensions/{extensionName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'replicationLinks' with immediate parent 'Database', must have a list by immediate parent 
operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/replicationLinks.json:19:4 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/replicationLinks/{linkId}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'administrators' with immediate parent 'Server', must have a list by immediate parent operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/serverAzureADAdministrators.json:19:6 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/administrators/{administratorName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'communicationLinks' with immediate parent 'Server', must have a list by immediate parent 
operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/serverCommunicationLinks.json:19:4 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/communicationLinks/{communicationLinkName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'serviceObjectives' with immediate parent 'Server', must have a list by immediate parent 
operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/serviceObjectives.json:19:6 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/serviceObjectives/{serviceObjectiveName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'serviceTierAdvisors' with immediate parent 'Database', must have a list by immediate parent 
operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:991:4 ($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroup
Name}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/serviceTierAdvisors/{serviceTierAdvisorName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'transparentDataEncryption' with immediate parent 'Database', must have a list by immediate 
parent operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:1077:4 ($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGrou
pName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/transparentDataEncryption/{transparentDataEncryptionName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'auditingSettings' with immediate parent 'Database', must have a list by immediate parent 
operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2015-05-01-preview/blobAuditingPolicies.json:19:4 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/auditingSettings/{blobAuditingPolicyName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'encryptionProtector' with immediate parent 'Server', must have a list by immediate parent 
operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2015-05-01-preview/encryptionProtectors.json:61:4 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/encryptionProtector/{encryptionProtectorName}"])

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent/R3010/RPCViolation): The child tracked resource, 'keys' with immediate parent 'Server', must have a list by immediate parent operation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2015-05-01-preview/serverKeys.json:61:4 
($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/keys/{keyName}"])

ERROR (RequiredPropertiesMissingInResourceModel/R2020/RPCViolation): Model definition 'ServerAzureADAdministrator' must have the properties 'name', 'id' and 'type' in its hierarchy and these 
properties must be marked as readonly.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/serverAzureADAdministrators.json:243:6 ($.definitions.ServerAzureADAdministrator)

ERROR (RequiredPropertiesMissingInResourceModel/R2020/RPCViolation): Model definition 'TransparentDataEncryption' must have the properties 'name', 'id' and 'type' in its hierarchy and these 
properties must be marked as readonly.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:2009:4 ($.definitions.TransparentDataEncryption)

WARNING (GuidUsage/R3017/RPCViolation): Guid used in model definition 'ServiceObjectiveCapability' for property 'id'. Usage of Guid is not recommanded. If GUIDs are absolutely required in your 
service, please get sign off from the Azure API review board.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/capabilities.json:119:16 ($.definitions.ServiceObjectiveCapability.properties.id)

WARNING (GuidUsage/R3017/RPCViolation): Guid used in model definition 'ImportExportResponseProperties' for property 'requestId'. Usage of Guid is not recommanded. If GUIDs are absolutely 
required in your service, please get sign off from the Azure API review board.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/importExport.json:316:16 
($.definitions.ImportExportResponseProperties.properties.requestId)

WARNING (GuidUsage/R3017/RPCViolation): Guid used in model definition 'ServerAdministratorProperties' for property 'sid'. Usage of Guid is not recommanded. If GUIDs are absolutely required in 
your service, please get sign off from the Azure API review board.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/serverAzureADAdministrators.json:224:12 
($.definitions.ServerAdministratorProperties.properties.sid)

WARNING (GuidUsage/R3017/RPCViolation): Guid used in model definition 'ElasticPoolActivityProperties' for property 'operationId'. Usage of Guid is not recommanded. If GUIDs are absolutely 
required in your service, please get sign off from the Azure API review board.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:1616:8 ($.definitions.ElasticPoolActivityProperties.properties.operationId)

WARNING (GuidUsage/R3017/RPCViolation): Guid used in model definition 'ElasticPoolDatabaseActivityProperties' for property 'operationId'. Usage of Guid is not recommanded. If GUIDs are 
absolutely required in your service, please get sign off from the Azure API review board.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:1777:8 
($.definitions.ElasticPoolDatabaseActivityProperties.properties.operationId)

WARNING (GuidUsage/R3017/RPCViolation): Guid used in model definition 'DatabaseProperties' for property 'currentServiceObjectiveId'. Usage of Guid is not recommanded. If GUIDs are absolutely 
required in your service, please get sign off from the Azure API review board.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:2043:8 
($.definitions.DatabaseProperties.properties.currentServiceObjectiveId)

WARNING (GuidUsage/R3017/RPCViolation): Guid used in model definition 'ServiceTierAdvisorProperties' for property 'currentServiceLevelObjectiveId'. Usage of Guid is not recommanded. If GUIDs 
are absolutely required in your service, please get sign off from the Azure API review board.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:2363:8 
($.definitions.ServiceTierAdvisorProperties.properties.currentServiceLevelObjectiveId)

WARNING (GuidUsage/R3017/RPCViolation): Guid used in model definition 'SloUsageMetric' for property 'serviceLevelObjectiveId'. Usage of Guid is not recommanded. If GUIDs are absolutely 
required in your service, please get sign off from the Azure API review board.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:2467:8 ($.definitions.SloUsageMetric.properties.serviceLevelObjectiveId)

WARNING (GuidUsage/R3017/RPCViolation): Guid used in model definition 'DatabaseBlobAuditingPolicyProperties' for property 'storageAccountSubscriptionId'. Usage of Guid is not recommanded. If 
GUIDs are absolutely required in your service, please get sign off from the Azure API review board.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2015-05-01-preview/blobAuditingPolicies.json:200:8 
($.definitions.DatabaseBlobAuditingPolicyProperties.properties.storageAccountSubscriptionId)

WARNING (GuidUsage/R3017/RPCViolation): Guid used in model definition 'ResourceIdentity' for property 'principalId'. Usage of Guid is not recommanded. If GUIDs are absolutely required in your 
service, please get sign off from the Azure API review board.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2015-05-01-preview/servers.json:311:8 ($.definitions.ResourceIdentity.properties.principalId)

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByResourceGroup/R3027/RPCViolation): The tracked resource, 'Database', must have a list by resource group operation.(This rule does not apply for tenant level 
resources.)
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:2251:4 ($.definitions.Database)

WARNING (TrackedResourceListByResourceGroup/R3027/RPCViolation): The tracked resource, 'ElasticPool', must have a list by resource group operation.(This rule does not apply for tenant level 
resources.)
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:1531:4 ($.definitions.ElasticPool)

WARNING (TrackedResourceListBySubscription/R3028/RPCViolation): The tracked resource, 'Database', must have a list by subscriptions operation.(This rule does not apply for tenant level 
resources.)
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:2251:4 ($.definitions.Database)

WARNING (TrackedResourceListBySubscription/R3028/RPCViolation): The tracked resource, 'ElasticPool', must have a list by subscriptions operation.(This rule does not apply for tenant level 
resources.)
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:1531:4 ($.definitions.ElasticPool)

WARNING (XmsEnumValidation/R2018/SDKViolation): The enum types should have x-ms-enum type extension set with appropriate options. Property name: kind
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2015-05-01-preview/encryptionProtectors.json:280:8 ($.definitions.EncryptionProtector.properties.kind)

WARNING (XmsEnumValidation/R2018/SDKViolation): The enum types should have x-ms-enum type extension set with appropriate options. Property name: kind
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2015-05-01-preview/serverKeys.json:316:8 ($.definitions.ServerKey.properties.kind)

WARNING (DescriptionAndTitleMissing/R4000/SDKViolation): 'properties' model/property lacks 'description' and 'title' property. Consider adding a 'description'/'title' element. Accurate 
description/title is essential for maintaining reference documentation.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/importExport.json:298:16 ($.definitions.ImportExportResponse.properties.properties)

WARNING (EnumInsteadOfBoolean/R3018/RPCViolation): Booleans are not descriptive and make them hard to use. Consider using string enums with allowed set of values defined. Property: 
isTerminationAllowed
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/replicationLinks.json:271:8 
($.definitions.ReplicationLinkProperties.properties.isTerminationAllowed)

WARNING (EnumInsteadOfBoolean/R3018/RPCViolation): Booleans are not descriptive and make them hard to use. Consider using string enums with allowed set of values defined. Property: isDefault
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/serviceObjectives.json:136:8 
($.definitions.ServiceObjectiveProperties.properties.isDefault)

WARNING (EnumInsteadOfBoolean/R3018/RPCViolation): Booleans are not descriptive and make them hard to use. Consider using string enums with allowed set of values defined. Property: isSystem
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/serviceObjectives.json:142:8 ($.definitions.ServiceObjectiveProperties.properties.isSystem)

WARNING (EnumInsteadOfBoolean/R3018/RPCViolation): Booleans are not descriptive and make them hard to use. Consider using string enums with allowed set of values defined. Property: enabled
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/serviceObjectives.json:153:8 ($.definitions.ServiceObjectiveProperties.properties.enabled)

WARNING (EnumInsteadOfBoolean/R3018/RPCViolation): Booleans are not descriptive and make them hard to use. Consider using string enums with allowed set of values defined. Property: available
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:1305:8 ($.definitions.CheckNameAvailabilityResponse.properties.available)

WARNING (EnumInsteadOfBoolean/R3018/RPCViolation): Booleans are not descriptive and make them hard to use. Consider using string enums with allowed set of values defined. Property: 
isStorageSecondaryKeyInUse
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2015-05-01-preview/blobAuditingPolicies.json:205:8 
($.definitions.DatabaseBlobAuditingPolicyProperties.properties.isStorageSecondaryKeyInUse)

ERROR (XmsExamplesRequired/R2022/SDKViolation): Please provide x-ms-examples describing minimum/maximum property set for response/request payloads for operations. Operation: 
'Databases_FailoverReplicationLinkAllowDataLoss'
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/replicationLinks.json:163:6 ($.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resou
rceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/{serverName}/databases/{databaseName}/replicationLinks/{linkId}/forceFailoverAllowDataLoss"].post)

ERROR (XmsExamplesRequired/R2022/SDKViolation): Please provide x-ms-examples describing minimum/maximum property set for response/request payloads for operations.
    - file:///C:/git/azure-rest-api-specs/specification/sql/resource-manager/Microsoft.Sql/2014-04-01/sql.core.json:18:2 ($.paths)

