# communicationservices

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for communicationservices.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the communicationservices.

``` yaml
openapi-type: data-plane
tag: package-preview-2021-10
```


### Tag: package-preview-2021-10

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-preview-2021-10` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-preview-2021-10'
input-file:
  - preview/2021-10-31-preview/CommunicationIdentity.json
```
### Tag: package-2020-07-20-preview2

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-07-20-preview2` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-07-20-preview2'
input-file:
  - preview/2020-07-20-preview2/CommunicationIdentity.json
```

### Tag: package-2021-03-07

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-03-07` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-03-07'
input-file:
  - stable/2021-03-07/CommunicationIdentity.json
title:
  Azure Communication Services
```

### Tag: package-2021-02-22-preview1

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-02-22-preview1` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-02-22-preview1'
input-file:
  - preview/2021-02-22-preview1/CommunicationIdentity.json
```

### Tag: package-2021-03-31-preview1

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-03-31-preview1` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-03-31-preview1'
input-file:
  - preview/2021-03-31-preview1/CommunicationIdentity.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## Ruby

See configuration in [readme.ruby.md](./readme.ruby.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)
