specification/azurefleet/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# azurefleet

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for azurefleet.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the computefleet.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-preview-2024-05
suppressions:
  - code: PatchBodyParametersSchema
    from: azurefleet.json
    reason: Suppress Patch rule as properties are defined by Compute RP and cannot be changed in AzureFleet.
  - code: AvoidAdditionalProperties
    from: azurefleet.json
    where:
      - $.definitions.VirtualMachineExtensionProperties.properties.protectedSettings
      - $.definitions.VirtualMachineExtensionProperties.properties.settings
      - $.definitions.VirtualMachineScaleSetExtensionProperties.properties.protectedSettings
      - $.definitions.VirtualMachineScaleSetExtensionProperties.properties.settings
    reason: Property "settings" and "protectedSettings" for VirtualMachineExtension 
            and VirtualMachineScaleSetExtensionProperties were previously defined like an empty object.
```

### Tag: package-preview-2023-11

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-preview-2023-11` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-preview-2023-11'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.AzureFleet/preview/2023-11-01-preview/azurefleet.json
```

### Tag: package-preview-2024-05

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-preview-2024-05` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-preview-2024-05'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.AzureFleet/preview/2024-05-01-preview/azurefleet.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
```

## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)

Commit message:

Add Suppression for camel casing

specification/azurefleet/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# azurefleet

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for azurefleet.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the computefleet.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-preview-2024-05
suppressions:
  - code: PatchBodyParametersSchema
    from: azurefleet.json
    reason: Suppress Patch rule as properties are defined by Compute RP and cannot be changed in AzureFleet.
  - code: AvoidAdditionalProperties
    from: azurefleet.json
    where:
      - $.definitions.VirtualMachineExtensionProperties.properties.protectedSettings
      - $.definitions.VirtualMachineExtensionProperties.properties.settings
      - $.definitions.VirtualMachineScaleSetExtensionProperties.properties.protectedSettings
      - $.definitions.VirtualMachineScaleSetExtensionProperties.properties.settings
    reason: Property "settings" and "protectedSettings" for VirtualMachineExtension 
            and VirtualMachineScaleSetExtensionProperties were previously defined like an empty object.
  - code: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    from: azurefleet.json
    where:
      - $.definitions.VirtualMachineScaleSetDataDisk.properties.diskIOPSReadWrite
    reason: Property "diskIOPSReadWrite" does not follow Camel Case and can't be changed as it is being 
            defined previously in Microsoft.Compute like this.
```

### Tag: package-preview-2023-11

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-preview-2023-11` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-preview-2023-11'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.AzureFleet/preview/2023-11-01-preview/azurefleet.json
```

### Tag: package-preview-2024-05

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-preview-2024-05` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-preview-2024-05'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.AzureFleet/preview/2024-05-01-preview/azurefleet.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
```

## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)
