specification/synapse/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# Azure Synapse Analytics

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Azure Synapse Analytics.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for Azure Synapse Analytics, [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration


### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the Azure Synapse Analytics API.

``` yaml
description: Azure Synapse Analytics Management Client
openapi-type: arm
azure-arm: true
tag: package-2019-06-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2019-06-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-06-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-06-01-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/bigDataPool.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/checkNameAvailability.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/firewallRule.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/operations.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/sqlPool.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/workspace.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/workspace_keys.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/workspace_managedIdentity.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/integrationRuntime.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/privateLinkResources.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/privateEndpointConnections.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/privateEndpointConnectionProxy.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/privatelinkhub.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/keys.json
```

### Tag: package-sqlGen3-2020-04-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-sqlGen3-2020-04-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-sqlGen3-2020-04-01-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2020-04-01-preview/operations.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2020-04-01-preview/sqlPool.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2020-04-01-preview/sqlDatabase.json
```

## Suppressions

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: EnumInsteadOfBoolean
    reason: This boolean values are actually boolean in the model.
  - suppress: TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent
    reason: Does not apply to workspace/operationStatus and workspace/operationResults .
  - suppress: PostOperationIdContainsUrlVerb
    reason: ReplaceAllIpFirewallRules has a nonstandard verb ReplaceAll.
  - suppress: TrackedResourceListByResourceGroup
    reason: Does not apply to sqlPool and bigDataPool as they are nested tracked resources
  - suppress: TrackedResourceListBySubscription
    reason: Does not apply to sqlPool and bigDataPool as they are nested tracked resources
  - from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/sqlPool.json
    where: 
        - $.definitions.SqlPoolVulnerabilityAssessmentRuleBaseline
        - $.definitions.DataMaskingPolicy
        - $.definitions.DataWarehouseUserActivities
        - $.definitions.SqlPoolConnectionPolicy
        - $.definitions.TransparentDataEncryption
    suppress: 
        - R4015
    reason: SQL doesn't support 'list' operation everywhere, so we cannot support List for certain Sql pool operations
  - from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/sqlPool.json
    where :
        - '$.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Synapse/workspaces/{workspaceName}/sqlPools/{sqlPoolName}/restorePoints/{restorePointName}"].delete.responses' 
    suppress:
        - R4011
    reason: SQL Pools APIs are proxy APIs that call SQL DB APIs. The SQL DB delete restore points API only supports return method 200, so we cannot support 204. It is not possible for the SQL DB team to add 204 support for delete restore points.
  - suppress: DescriptionAndTitleMissing
    reason: Temporary suppression in branch to reduce clutter in report.
  - suppress: AllResourcesMustHaveGetOperation
    from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/sqlPool.json
    where:
      - $.definitions.DataMaskingRule
      - $.definitions.SqlPoolOperation
  - suppress: R4015
    reason: Needs implmentation
    from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/workspace_managedIdentity.json
    where:
      - $.definitions.ManagedIdentitySqlControlSettingsInfo
  - suppress: GetCollectionResponseSchema
    reason: Needs implmentation
    from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/workspace_keys.json
    where:
      - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Synapse/workspaces/{workspaceName}/keys"]
```

---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
    after_scripts:
      - node sdkauto_afterscript.js synapse/resource-manager
```

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## Java

See configuration in [readme.java.md](./readme.java.md)

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.Synapse
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/synapse/Microsoft.Azure.Management.Synapse/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
batch:
 - tag: package-2019-06-01-preview
 - tag: package-sqlGen3-2020-04-01-preview
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## AzureResourceSchema

See configuration in [readme.azureresourceschema.md](./readme.azureresourceschema.md)

Commit message:

Supress IntegerTypeMustHaveFormat since not available in SQL and DataFactory swaggers.

specification/synapse/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# Azure Synapse Analytics

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Azure Synapse Analytics.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for Azure Synapse Analytics, [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration


### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the Azure Synapse Analytics API.

``` yaml
description: Azure Synapse Analytics Management Client
openapi-type: arm
azure-arm: true
tag: package-2019-06-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2019-06-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-06-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-06-01-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/bigDataPool.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/checkNameAvailability.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/firewallRule.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/operations.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/sqlPool.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/workspace.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/workspace_keys.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/workspace_managedIdentity.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/integrationRuntime.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/privateLinkResources.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/privateEndpointConnections.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/privateEndpointConnectionProxy.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/privatelinkhub.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/keys.json
```

### Tag: package-sqlGen3-2020-04-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-sqlGen3-2020-04-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-sqlGen3-2020-04-01-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2020-04-01-preview/operations.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2020-04-01-preview/sqlPool.json
- Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2020-04-01-preview/sqlDatabase.json
```

## Suppressions

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: EnumInsteadOfBoolean
    reason: This boolean values are actually boolean in the model.
  - suppress: TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent
    reason: Does not apply to workspace/operationStatus and workspace/operationResults .
  - suppress: PostOperationIdContainsUrlVerb
    reason: ReplaceAllIpFirewallRules has a nonstandard verb ReplaceAll.
  - suppress: TrackedResourceListByResourceGroup
    reason: Does not apply to sqlPool and bigDataPool as they are nested tracked resources
  - suppress: TrackedResourceListBySubscription
    reason: Does not apply to sqlPool and bigDataPool as they are nested tracked resources
  - from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/sqlPool.json
    where: 
        - $.definitions.SqlPoolVulnerabilityAssessmentRuleBaseline
        - $.definitions.DataMaskingPolicy
        - $.definitions.DataWarehouseUserActivities
        - $.definitions.SqlPoolConnectionPolicy
        - $.definitions.TransparentDataEncryption
    suppress: 
        - R4015
    reason: SQL doesn't support 'list' operation everywhere, so we cannot support List for certain Sql pool operations
  - from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/sqlPool.json
    where :
        - '$.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Synapse/workspaces/{workspaceName}/sqlPools/{sqlPoolName}/restorePoints/{restorePointName}"].delete.responses' 
    suppress:
        - R4011
    reason: SQL Pools APIs are proxy APIs that call SQL DB APIs. The SQL DB delete restore points API only supports return method 200, so we cannot support 204. It is not possible for the SQL DB team to add 204 support for delete restore points.
  - suppress: DescriptionAndTitleMissing
    reason: Temporary suppression in branch to reduce clutter in report.
  - suppress: AllResourcesMustHaveGetOperation
    from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/sqlPool.json
    where:
      - $.definitions.DataMaskingRule
      - $.definitions.SqlPoolOperation
  - suppress: R4015
    reason: Needs implmentation
    from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/workspace_managedIdentity.json
    where:
      - $.definitions.ManagedIdentitySqlControlSettingsInfo
  - suppress: GetCollectionResponseSchema
    reason: Needs implmentation
    from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/workspace_keys.json
    where:
      - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.Synapse/workspaces/{workspaceName}/keys"]
  - suppress: IntegerTypeMustHaveFormat
    reason: Not available in upstream RP swagger
    from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/sqlPool.json
  - suppress: IntegerTypeMustHaveFormat
    reason: Not available in upstream RP swagger
    from: Microsoft.Synapse/preview/2019-06-01-preview/integrationRuntime.json
```

---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
    after_scripts:
      - node sdkauto_afterscript.js synapse/resource-manager
```

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## Java

See configuration in [readme.java.md](./readme.java.md)

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.Synapse
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/synapse/Microsoft.Azure.Management.Synapse/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
batch:
 - tag: package-2019-06-01-preview
 - tag: package-sqlGen3-2020-04-01-preview
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## AzureResourceSchema

See configuration in [readme.azureresourceschema.md](./readme.azureresourceschema.md)
