specification/signalr/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# SignalR

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for SignalR.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for SignalR, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration



### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the SignalR API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2018-10-01
```

### Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: EnumInsteadOfBoolean
    from: signalr.json
    where: $.definitions.NameAvailability.properties.nameAvailable
    reason:  The boolean properties 'nameAvailable' is actually boolean value defined by Azure API spec
  - suppress: EnumInsteadOfBoolean
    from: signalr.json
    where: $.definitions.Dimension.properties.toBeExportedForShoebox
    reason:  The boolean properties 'toBeExportedForShoebox' is defined by Geneva metrics
  - suppress: PutRequestResponseScheme
    from: signalr.json
    where: $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.SignalRService/signalR/{resourceName}"].put
    reason:  The schema of the PUT request body is a superset of the GET response body, we have a PATCH operation to make the resource updatable
```

### Tag: package-2018-10-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-10-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-10-01'
input-file:
- Microsoft.SignalRService/stable/2018-10-01/signalr.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-03-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-03-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-03-01-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.SignalRService/preview/2018-03-01-preview/signalr.json
```

---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_mgmt_signalr']
```


## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

See configuration in [readme.java.md](./readme.java.md)

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  # last generated with AutoRest.0.17.3
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.SignalR
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/signalr/Microsoft.Azure.Management.SignalR/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Multi-API/Profile support for AutoRest v3 generators 

AutoRest V3 generators require the use of `--tag=all-api-versions` to select api files.

This block is updated by an automatic script. Edits may be lost!

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions' /* autogenerated */
# include the azure profile definitions from the standard location
require: $(this-folder)/../../../profiles/readme.md

# all the input files across all versions
input-file:
  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.SignalRService/stable/2018-10-01/signalr.json
  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.SignalRService/preview/2018-03-01-preview/signalr.json

```

If there are files that should not be in the `all-api-versions` set, 
uncomment the  `exclude-file` section below and add the file paths.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions'
#exclude-file: 
#  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.Example/stable/2010-01-01/somefile.json
```

Commit message:

Adding APIs for private link

specification/signalr/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# SignalR

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for SignalR.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for SignalR, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration



### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the SignalR API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2018-10-01
```

### Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: EnumInsteadOfBoolean
    from: signalr.json
    where: $.definitions.NameAvailability.properties.nameAvailable
    reason:  The boolean properties 'nameAvailable' is actually boolean value defined by Azure API spec
  - suppress: EnumInsteadOfBoolean
    from: signalr.json
    where: $.definitions.Dimension.properties.toBeExportedForShoebox
    reason:  The boolean properties 'toBeExportedForShoebox' is defined by Geneva metrics
  - suppress: PutRequestResponseScheme
    from: signalr.json
    where: $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Microsoft.SignalRService/signalR/{resourceName}"].put
    reason:  The schema of the PUT request body is a superset of the GET response body, we have a PATCH operation to make the resource updatable
  - suppress: TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent
    reason: Another list APIs naming approach is used over the specs
  - suppress: AvoidNestedProperties
    from: signalr.json
    where:
    - $.definitions.SignalRFeature.properties.properties
    - $.definitions.PrivateEndpointConnection.properties.properties
    reason:  The 'properties' is a user-defined dictionary, cannot be flattened.
```

### Tag: package-2018-10-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-10-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-10-01'
input-file:
- Microsoft.SignalRService/stable/2018-10-01/signalr.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-03-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-03-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-03-01-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.SignalRService/preview/2018-03-01-preview/signalr.json
```

---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_mgmt_signalr']
```


## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

See configuration in [readme.java.md](./readme.java.md)

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  # last generated with AutoRest.0.17.3
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.SignalR
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/signalr/Microsoft.Azure.Management.SignalR/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Multi-API/Profile support for AutoRest v3 generators 

AutoRest V3 generators require the use of `--tag=all-api-versions` to select api files.

This block is updated by an automatic script. Edits may be lost!

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions' /* autogenerated */
# include the azure profile definitions from the standard location
require: $(this-folder)/../../../profiles/readme.md

# all the input files across all versions
input-file:
  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.SignalRService/stable/2018-10-01/signalr.json
  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.SignalRService/preview/2018-03-01-preview/signalr.json

```

If there are files that should not be in the `all-api-versions` set, 
uncomment the  `exclude-file` section below and add the file paths.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions'
#exclude-file: 
#  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.Example/stable/2010-01-01/somefile.json
```
