specification/resourcegraph/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# ResourceGraph

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for ResourceGraph.

---

## Getting Started

To build the SDK for ResourceGraph, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the ResourceGraph API.

``` yaml
title: ResourceGraphClient
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2019-04
```

### Validations

Run validations when `--validate` is specified on command line

``` yaml $(validate)
azure-validator: true
semantic-validator: true
model-validator: true
message-format: json
```


### Tag: package-2019-04

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-04` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-04'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.ResourceGraph/stable/2019-04-01/resourcegraph.json
```
### Tag: package-2018-09-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-09-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-09-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.ResourceGraph/preview/2018-09-01-preview/resourcegraph.json
```

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
```

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceGraph
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/ResourceGraph/Management/Management.ResourceGraph/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

Commit message:

Adding Java generation for ResourceGraph (#5504)
* added java generation in separate file

* Update readme.java.md

specification/resourcegraph/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# ResourceGraph

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for ResourceGraph.

---

## Getting Started

To build the SDK for ResourceGraph, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the ResourceGraph API.

``` yaml
title: ResourceGraphClient
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2019-04
```

### Validations

Run validations when `--validate` is specified on command line

``` yaml $(validate)
azure-validator: true
semantic-validator: true
model-validator: true
message-format: json
```


### Tag: package-2019-04

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-04` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-04'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.ResourceGraph/stable/2019-04-01/resourcegraph.json
```
### Tag: package-2018-09-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-09-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-09-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.ResourceGraph/preview/2018-09-01-preview/resourcegraph.json
```

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
```

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceGraph
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/ResourceGraph/Management/Management.ResourceGraph/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Java

See configuration in [readme.java.md](./readme.java.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)
