# communicationservices

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for communicationservices.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the communicationservices.

```yaml
openapi-type: data-plane
tag: package-2025-06-30
```


### Tag: package-common-2020-11-19-preview1

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-common-2020-11-19-preview1` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-common-2020-11-19-preview1'
input-file:
  - preview/2020-11-19-preview1/common.json
```

### Tag: package-2021-03-07
These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-03-07` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-03-07'
input-file:
  - stable/2021-03-07/common.json
```

### Tag: package-2022-07-13
These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2022-07-13` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2022-07-13'
input-file:
  - stable/2022-07-13/common.json
```

### Tag: package-2023-11-15
These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-11-15` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-11-15'
input-file:
  - stable/2023-11-15/common.json
```

### Tag: package-2025-03-15-preview
These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-03-15-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-03-15-preview'
input-file:
  - preview/2025-03-15-preview/common.json
```

### Tag: package-2025-06-30
These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-06-30` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-06-30'
input-file:
  - stable/2025-06-30/common.json
```


---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## Ruby

See configuration in [readme.ruby.md](./readme.ruby.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)
